RIKU: Hello there.
Let me tell you a story,
one that began 18 years ago.
For me, however, it might
as well have been yesterday.
‐ Behold.
Isn't it glorious?
‐ So this is the Black Pearl,
the jewel that leads
to the border of this world
and the afterlife.
‐ Normally it would have
taken a hundred years,
but I was able
to create it in just four,
and it's thanks to you,
Lord Riku,
for lending me
your Rainbow Pearl
and Lady Izayoi's rouge.
‐ I was just happy
to be of assistance.
So tell me, what do you
intend to do with that?
‐ I will deliver the jewel
to Sir Inuyasha.
‐ OK then. Could you
please give him this as well?
[insects chirping]
‐ [grunting]
Lady Kaede, I found yet
another remnant of Root Head.
‐ I see. Even after a month,
we still can't be rid
of that thing.
What a bothersome creature.
‐ We also saw a demon
at Doggy's place.
‐ Huh? You mean Inuyasha?
‐ No, a different one,
a shell demon.
‐ A shell demon?
HOSENKI: Sir Inuyasha, rejoice!
The Black Pearl is complete!
And a whole 96 years
ahead of schedule, at that.
‐ Oh.
‐ Tell me, Sir Inuyasha,
is the story about you
and my father true,
that you inherited his skill,
the Adamant Barrage?
‐ Oh! Yup, that's 100% true.
‐ I would love to see it.
Even one time would suffice.
If you could
demonstrate it for me,
I would be more than happy
to hand this Black Pearl over
to you, good sir.
‐ Well, if you really
wanna see it that badly,
who am I to say no?
Plus I do owe it to
the previous Hosenki after all.
‐ Oh, thank you,
thank you, thank you!
‐ Hey, wait a second!
‐ [grunts]
Adamant Barrage!
‐ Inuyasha! Sit, boy!
‐ [yelps]
‐ What were you thinking,
doing that here?
Did you even consider
your surroundings?
HOSENKI: Before his passing,
my father told me
these were originally tears
from Lady Izayoi,
the wife of the Great Dog‐Demon.
‐ Hmm.
The tears of my mother, huh?
‐ When the Great Dog‐Demon
passed away,
Lady Izayoi's tears
were turned into a jewel.
The Tessaiga, along with
the path to the Master's grave,
were sealed inside it,
then placed within
young Sir Inuyasha's right eye.
‐ And this shell here,
what's it for?
‐ That is the very rouge
Lady Izayoi used.
To create the Black Pearl,
we required a semblance
of the profound sadness
that she possessed.
INUYASHA: I'm surprised
you were able to find that.
‐ It was no easy feat.
‐ Are you giving this
to us as well
along with the Black Pearl?
‐ But of course.
I have no use for it now that
the Black Pearl is complete.
‐ Isn't that great, Inuyasha?
Now we have
two of your mother's keepsakes.
‐ Huh? Why the hell would I
need those things anymore?
‐ Oh, don't talk like that!
We can go pay respects to
your father's grave with this.
Why can't you be
happier about it?
‐ Yeah, right, like that's
a place I'm dyin' to go.
‐ Hey!
‐ What have you just done?
Concealing it in your right eye
means you can't extract it
without taking drastic measures.
‐ Yeah?
Well, it was my mother's,
so as far as I'm concerned,
I can do whatever the hell
I want with it.
‐ Really, do you have to be
such a loose cannon?
I think it's best
that I hold on to this gift.
‐ [scoffs]
‐ He's so bad at admitting
how he truly feels.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Farewell
Under the Lunar Eclipse."
[owl hoots]
[footsteps shuffling]
GYOKUTO: Come on, Lady Kaede!
KIN'U: Hurry! Hurry!
‐ Now, now, you two.
Don't rush me.
KIN'U: But Lady Rin's
gonna give birth soon!
‐ You have to be there!
‐ Alright, alright.
‐ Hope Hisui
doesn't get too jealous.
‐ 'Cause we're gonna shower it
with so much love!
‐ Where is little Hisui and
your mother, for that matter?
‐ Mother went
to go get Lady Kagome.
SANGO: It looks like
it'll be happening soon.
KAGOME: Right. I'm ready.
‐ How are you feeling, Kagome?
‐ You're far along now.
I can't wait!
‐ Thanks, Sango. I feel fine.
You can barely see my bump.
‐ [chuckles] That's true.
Still, just try
to be careful, OK?
‐ Mother, Mother!
Can you come here?
‐ Lady Kaede
needs help with something!
‐ Does she?
‐ Oh, don't worry about me.
You go on ahead, and I'll
catch up with you all soon.
‐ OK, but don't
go pushing yourself.
‐ Thanks.
[girls panting]
[owl hoots]
‐ The moon is waning a bit.
That's odd.
I thought it was supposed to be
a full one tonight.
Oh! The lunar eclipse
must be happening tonight.
The moon becomes dark
as the Earth's shadow
passes over it.
‐ Lady Kagome.
‐ [gasps]
My name is Riku.
‐ Oh. Hello.
I'm sorry.
Have I met you somewhere before?
‐ No, this is our first time.
‐ Then how is it
that you know who I am?
‐ "The legendary priestess
who made the right wish
and purified the Shikon Jewel."
Word of your noble deeds have
reached corners of the Earth
that you may not have thought
were even possible, my lady.
‐ I see. So was there
something you needed?
‐ To warn you of
a great cataclysm approaching.
Every 500 years, an object
known as the Grim Comet
travels close to this Earth.
‐ The Grim Comet?
‐ Unfortunately, large fragments
start to break off
and descend from its core.
500 years ago,
back when nobles
were still governing this land,
war and famine
continued to spread,
costing many their lives.
Because of that,
the demon race grew in numbers,
with powerful demons
who would rule them
appearing in the East and West.
You know one of them quite well,
the Great Dog‐Demon.
‐ Wait. Are you referring
to Inuyasha's father?
‐ Yes, that's correct.
Him and Kirinmaru...
these two Beast Kings
joined forces
and destroyed the Comet's
fragment 500 years ago.
‐ They destroyed a comet?
I never knew.
‐ Seven days from now,
history will be repeated
as the Grim Comet's fragment
once again falls to Earth.
Only, this time,
the Great Dog‐Demon is no more,
and Kirinmaru
has entered a long slumber.
‐ Will Inuyasha be able
to take his father's place?
Is there a way for us
to awaken Kirinmaru?
‐ I would strongly advise
against waking him.
He hates humans
and abhors half‐demons as well.
Not only would he kill
Lord Inuyasha,
he would also very likely kill
the half‐demon child
that Lady Rin
will give birth to tonight
and of course
your unborn child as well.
‐ [gasps]
He'll try to kill my child?
Can't we do anything?!
There must be a way
to keep him asleep
while still
being able to destroy
the fragment of the Grim Comet!
‐ There is one way.
If the sons
of the Great Dog‐Demon
can combine their strength,
then maybe.
‐ If there's anything
I can do to help,
then I'll get it done.
‐ Good. In that case,
I would ask you
to convince your husband
and Lord Sesshomaru
to join forces.
‐ OK then. Just leave it to me.
[babies crying]
‐ Lord Sesshomaru,
I'm so happy for you.
[crying continues]
Huh? Who goes there?
[mysterious music playing]
‐ It's been a while,
Lord Sesshomaru.
‐ And just who would you be?
Come, state your business!
‐ How is your mother faring?
‐ [scoffs]
I've not seen her in years.
‐ I've been told you had twins,
half‐demon twins, at that.
To think you, who despises
anything that's human,
would willingly choose to take
a human woman for his wife.
I can just picture the look
on Kirinmaru's face now.
Perhaps before he is awakened,
you should go and hide
your precious daughters.
‐ Is it not you
who wants them dead, Zero?
‐ My! How flattering
that you remembered my name.
‐ A puppet?
‐ Predictable.
ZERO: Once the eclipse ends,
the Grim Comet will approach
for the first time
in 500 years.
That's when you
should use your Bakusaiga.
It's your choice
whether to heed my warning
or not, Lord Sesshomaru.
As someone who was humiliated
by your father, however,
I'd be lying if I said
I didn't wish to see
your entire family
suffer in agony.
Well, then,
best of luck to you.
‐ Who does she think she is?
That‐‐Huh?
[gasps] W‐Wait for me!
[yells]
KAEDE: You did splendidly, Rin.
‐ Thank you so very much.
‐ Look at them. They're both
just utterly adorable.
‐ Have you picked their names?
‐ Towa and Setsuna.
Yes! Those sound
like perfect names for them.
‐ [gasps] Lord Sesshomaru!
‐ Wait! What are you doing?
‐ Don't tell me that you're
taking them away somewhere.
‐ Sesshomaru,
what's going on here?
‐ A rite of courage
and cowardice.
KAGOME: Hold on!
Tell me.
Are you doing this
because of Kirinmaru?
In order to destroy
the Grim Comet's fragment,
I was told that we need help
from you and Inuyasha.
‐ Lord Sesshomaru,
I have faith in you always.
‐ Hey, Kagome.
‐ Jaken?
‐ I've written down for you
here on this piece of parchment
when and where Lord Sesshomaru
plans to obliterate
the Comet fragment.
I'm sure Lord Sesshomaru can
fulfill this task on his own,
but give Inuyasha
this info just in case.
‐ Understood. I'll do that.
‐ Master Jaken.
‐ Yes.
Just leave the rest to me.
‐ [gasps] Ah.
Zero sends her regards.
I'll be taking those half‐demon
whelps off your hands now!
‐ [wailing]
‐ I see. Rainbow Pearls.
‐ Give those back!
They're the jewels
of the Ka Demon Tribe!
‐ You're wrong.
These here are Zero's tears.
‐ I solemnly pledge
that I, Jaken,
will care for and raise
these girls in Rin's place.
Jaken, Jaken!
Come forth, barrier,
and make yourself known!
The spell is complete, My Lord.
Next, I shall bring Rin
to this place as well.
‐ Hmph.
‐ I can't sense the presence
of those half‐demon twins
anywhere.
They must have been sealed
inside a barrier.
There's no other explanation.
‐ As expected from Sesshomaru.
‐ [grunts] This palace
belongs to My Lord's mother.
But it doesn't look
like she's home,
which is a great relief.
[wind blowing]
‐ It's here.
‐ Hmph.
[dramatic music playing]
‐ Bakusaiga!
I'll leave the rest to you.
‐ I don't need your permission.
‐ [roars]
‐ Meido Zangetsuha!
‐ Wonderfully done,
Lord Sesshomaru.
‐ Hey! I'm the one
who finished the job.
‐ You sure did!
Amazing work, Inuyasha.
‐ Don't get cocky!
It is all thanks
to my Lord Sesshomaru
that you can wield
Meido Zangetsuha
in the first place!
‐ Jaken.
‐ Eh?
‐ We're leaving.
‐ Y‐Yes, sir!
INUYASHA: Kagome, let's go!
‐ Hey, slow down!
‐ Why have you awakened me?
The Great Dog‐Demon's sons
have surely dealt
with the Grim Comet's fragment
by now.
‐ Sesshomaru has taken
a human as his bride,
just like the Great Dog‐Demon
once did.
‐ He did what?
‐ At this rate,
Sesshomaru will experience
the same fate as his father.
Are you going
to let that happen?
Also he has brought about
two daughters,
half‐demon twins.
You remember, yes?
The Shikon Jewel is gone now,
but it still left us a prophecy
before its departure.
My dear little brother...
your life will be taken
by something that's
neither human nor demon,
a being which exists
on the edge of possibility,
that is able to transcend
the flow of time.
Back then, you laughed it off,
saying that no such thing
could exist,
but thanks
to the Great Dog‐Demon,
that which should not exist
has become reality.
That is the nature
of the half‐demon.
They are an existence that is
neither demon nor human.
Also a quarter‐demon
will soon be born
between Inuyasha and Kagome,
the girl who surpassed time
to appear in this world.
If we cannot erase
these half‐demons,
along with their variants,
the outcome for you is clear.
Just as the Shikon Jewel
prophesized,
you will meet your end.
Lord Sesshomaru.
‐ It's been quite a while,
Kirinmaru.
Do you intend to slay Inuyasha?
‐ That was my intention, yes.
‐ Oh, my!
Could Lord Sesshomaru
be offering assistance?
‐ Very well, Sesshomaru.
Come with me.
[dramatic music playing]
‐ You're such a good girl,
aren't you, now?
‐ Kagome!
Hurry. They're already here.
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ [grunts]
‐ This is a keepsake
from Inuyasha's mother.
[drop splashes]
I decided if we ever had a girl,
I'd give this to her.
Hachi, please take care of her.
We will never
give Moroha to you!
‐ Quit your squawking, human.
[gasps]
‐ [groans]
‐ Inuyasha!
Inuyasha, are you OK?
‐ Yeah.
‐ [yells]
‐ No!
Kagome!
‐ Why did you help them?
‐ I did no such thing.
‐ Lord Kirinmaru. The truth
is there will come a time
when Inuyasha's Meido Zangetsuha
will be needed in the future.
Until then, I think we should
simply have them pay respect
to the Great Dog‐Demon's grave.
‐ [scoffs] I will allow it.
RIKU: I'm glad the Black Pearl
and Lady Izayoi's rouge
were useful.
[chuckles]
[waterfall rushing]
[birds chirping]
‐ There they are, sleeping.
Thanks to my Dream Gazing spell,
I've finally found them.
Homura, I want you
to burn that forest down.
‐ Are you sure?
‐ Yes. Aren't we...
Lord Sesshomaru?
Burn it all until those
cursed half‐demon sisters
are wiped from this plane
of existence.
‐ Understood.
[animals squealing]
‐ This way! Hurry!
‐ Don't leave me, Sis! [gasps]
‐ Setsuna?
Setsuna!
‐ You came back!
‐ Are you OK?
I'm sorry I ran ahead like that.
‐ [gasps]
Sis, get out of the way!
‐ Oh, no!
‐ Setsuna!
‐ Come on. Where is she?
‐ RIKU: And thus Lady Towa,
daughter of Lord Sesshomaru,
was spirited away
to another time.
That's all I can say for now.
[insects chirping]
Huh?
Hey now, don't be chomping
at the bit to hear the rest.
It's in poor taste.
Whoa there.
If fate allows it,
perhaps we shall meet again
one day.
Until then, farewell.
[Japanese music playing]
JYUBEI: What?!
You threw that child
into the crucible of Kodoku?
YAWARAGI: Her chances
of surviving are half.
MOROHA: Yawaragi,
our master‐pupil
relationship ends today!
I'll be taking Kurikaramaru.
TOWA: Hearing how Moroha
was sold off by her master
really surprised me.
SETSUNA:
But why is she associating
with one of the Four Perils?
TOWA: Next time on Yashahime,
"Double‐Edged Moroha."
MOROHA: Don't butt in, you two.
This is between Yawaragi and me.